All right, let's go into exercise five.
So we'll run node dev 5 and
that should be on port
4005 except I want to be
on the localhost variety.
And then we'll go to the readme in 05.
This is talking about mutations.
So so far we've just been loading data and
that's been pretty okay.
Most frameworks have
that pretty well done.
I like the way that remix does it but
it's not really necessarily
the value proposition.
What makes remix really cool is mutations.
And we also talked about [INAUDIBLE] that
also makes [LAUGH] remix really cool but
mutations is really special.
So we're gonna talk about what it
takes to make changes to your data.
We've got a bunch of stuff on
the background you can read here.
Some examples of how the mutation API and
conventions work.
And then for our exercise, we're gonna
be implementing the new.tsx file.
And actually if we go to
app routes posts admin new,
I actually filled this out
with a bunch of JSX for
you already because again,
not a React workshop.
So have a good time with this one and
we actually do have some extra credits.
So we're gonna talk about error handling
on the form as well as some more
TypeScript stuff too.
So have a good time with this and
we'll see you on the other side of it.